c:\users\visouza\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Win8AppBoX\Win8AppBoX\bin\Debug\Win8AppBoX.exe
c:\users\visouza\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Win8AppBoX\Win8AppBoX\bin\Debug\Win8AppBoX.pdb
c:\users\visouza\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Win8AppBoX\Win8AppBoX\bin\Debug\resources.pri
c:\users\visouza\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Win8AppBoX\Win8AppBoX\bin\Debug\AppxManifest.xml
c:\users\visouza\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Win8AppBoX\Win8AppBoX\bin\Debug\Win8AppBoX.build.appxrecipe
c:\users\visouza\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Win8AppBoX\Win8AppBoX\obj\Debug\App.g.i.cs
c:\users\visouza\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Win8AppBoX\Win8AppBoX\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\users\visouza\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Win8AppBoX\Win8AppBoX\obj\Debug\Common\StandardStyles.g.i.cs
c:\users\visouza\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Win8AppBoX\Win8AppBoX\obj\Debug\Common\StandardStyles.g.cs
c:\users\visouza\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Win8AppBoX\Win8AppBoX\obj\Debug\XamlTypeInfo.g.cs
c:\users\visouza\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Win8AppBoX\Win8AppBoX\obj\Debug\App.xaml
c:\users\visouza\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Win8AppBoX\Win8AppBoX\obj\Debug\Common\StandardStyles.xaml
c:\users\visouza\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Win8AppBoX\Win8AppBoX\obj\Debug\Win8AppBoX.exe
c:\users\visouza\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Win8AppBoX\Win8AppBoX\obj\Debug\Win8AppBoX.pdb
c:\users\visouza\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Win8AppBoX\Win8AppBoX\obj\Debug\priconfig.xml.intermediate
c:\users\visouza\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Win8AppBoX\Win8AppBoX\obj\Debug\layout.resfiles.intermediate
c:\users\visouza\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Win8AppBoX\Win8AppBoX\obj\Debug\resources.resfiles.intermediate
c:\users\visouza\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Win8AppBoX\Win8AppBoX\obj\Debug\pri.resfiles.intermediate
c:\users\visouza\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Win8AppBoX\Win8AppBoX\obj\Debug\priconfig.xml
c:\users\visouza\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Win8AppBoX\Win8AppBoX\obj\Debug\layout.resfiles
c:\users\visouza\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Win8AppBoX\Win8AppBoX\obj\Debug\resources.resfiles
c:\users\visouza\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Win8AppBoX\Win8AppBoX\obj\Debug\pri.resfiles
c:\users\visouza\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Win8AppBoX\Win8AppBoX\obj\Debug\LanguageQualifiers.txt
c:\users\visouza\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Win8AppBoX\Win8AppBoX\obj\Debug\ProjectArchitectures.txt
C:\Users\visouza\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Win8AppBox\Win8AppBox\obj\Debug\AboutControl.g.i.cs
C:\Users\visouza\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Win8AppBox\Win8AppBox\obj\Debug\AboutControl.g.cs
C:\Users\visouza\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Win8AppBox\Win8AppBox\obj\Debug\Common\Flyout.g.i.cs
C:\Users\visouza\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Win8AppBox\Win8AppBox\obj\Debug\Common\Flyout.g.cs
C:\Users\visouza\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Win8AppBox\Win8AppBox\obj\Debug\Galeria.g.i.cs
C:\Users\visouza\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Win8AppBox\Win8AppBox\obj\Debug\Galeria.g.cs
C:\Users\visouza\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Win8AppBox\Win8AppBox\obj\Debug\Imagem.g.i.cs
C:\Users\visouza\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Win8AppBox\Win8AppBox\obj\Debug\Imagem.g.cs
C:\Users\visouza\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Win8AppBox\Win8AppBox\obj\Debug\ImagemTextoA.g.i.cs
C:\Users\visouza\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Win8AppBox\Win8AppBox\obj\Debug\ImagemTextoA.g.cs
C:\Users\visouza\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Win8AppBox\Win8AppBox\obj\Debug\ImagemTextoB.g.i.cs
C:\Users\visouza\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Win8AppBox\Win8AppBox\obj\Debug\ImagemTextoB.g.cs
C:\Users\visouza\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Win8AppBox\Win8AppBox\obj\Debug\Musica.g.i.cs
C:\Users\visouza\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Win8AppBox\Win8AppBox\obj\Debug\Musica.g.cs
C:\Users\visouza\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Win8AppBox\Win8AppBox\obj\Debug\Texto.g.i.cs
C:\Users\visouza\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Win8AppBox\Win8AppBox\obj\Debug\Texto.g.cs
C:\Users\visouza\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Win8AppBox\Win8AppBox\obj\Debug\Video.g.i.cs
C:\Users\visouza\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Win8AppBox\Win8AppBox\obj\Debug\Video.g.cs
C:\Users\visouza\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Win8AppBox\Win8AppBox\obj\Debug\Common\Flyout.xaml
C:\Users\visouza\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Win8AppBox\Win8AppBox\obj\Debug\AboutControl.xaml
C:\Users\visouza\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Win8AppBox\Win8AppBox\obj\Debug\Galeria.xaml
C:\Users\visouza\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Win8AppBox\Win8AppBox\obj\Debug\Imagem.xaml
C:\Users\visouza\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Win8AppBox\Win8AppBox\obj\Debug\ImagemTextoA.xaml
C:\Users\visouza\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Win8AppBox\Win8AppBox\obj\Debug\ImagemTextoB.xaml
C:\Users\visouza\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Win8AppBox\Win8AppBox\obj\Debug\Musica.xaml
C:\Users\visouza\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Win8AppBox\Win8AppBox\obj\Debug\Texto.xaml
C:\Users\visouza\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Win8AppBox\Win8AppBox\obj\Debug\Video.xaml
C:\Users\visouza\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Win8AppBoX\Win8AppBox\obj\Debug\Principal.g.i.cs
C:\Users\visouza\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Win8AppBoX\Win8AppBox\obj\Debug\Principal.g.cs
C:\Users\visouza\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Win8AppBoX\Win8AppBox\obj\Debug\Principal.xaml
